[`Flash Attention 2`] Add flash attention 2 for GPT-Neo-X (#26463)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/gpt_neox.md

Next, [install](https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention#installation-and-features) the latest version of Flash Attention 2:

```bash
pip install -U flash-attn --no-build-isolation
```

### Usage

To load a model using Flash Attention 2, we can pass the `use_flash_attention_2` flag to [`.from_pretrained`](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/model#transformers.PreTrainedModel.from_pretrained). We'll also load the model in half-precision (e.g. `torch.float16`), since it results in almost no degradation to audio quality but significantly lower memory usage and faster inference:

```python
>>> from transformers import GPTNeoXForCausalLM, GPTNeoXTokenizerFast

model = GPTNeoXForCausalLM.from_pretrained("EleutherAI/gpt-neox-20b", torch_dtype=torch.float16, use_flash_attention_2=True).to(device)
...
```

> 

Reviewer: There should be a comparison on performance with and without FA here

Next, [install](https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention#installation-and-features) the latest version of Flash Attention 2:

```bash
pip install -U flash-attn --no-build-isolation
```

### Usage

To load a model using Flash Attention 2, we can pass the `use_flash_attention_2` flag to [`.from_pretrained`](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/model#transformers.PreTrainedModel.from_pretrained). We'll also load the model in half-precision (e.g. `torch.float16`), since it results in almost no degradation to audio quality but significantly lower memory usage and faster inference:

```python
>>> from transformers import GPTNeoXForCausalLM, GPTNeoXTokenizerFast

model = GPTNeoXForCausalLM.from_pretrained("EleutherAI/gpt-neox-20b", torch_dtype=torch.float16, use_flash_attention_2=True).to(device)
...
```

### Expected speedups

> Below is an expected speedup diagram that compares pure inference time between the native implementation in transformers using `stockmark/gpt-neox-japanese-1.4b` checkpoint and the Flash Attention 2 version of the model using two different sequence lengths.

Author: ```suggestion
Below is an expected speedup diagram that compares pure inference time between the native implementation in transformers using `stockmark/gpt-neox-japanese-1.4b` checkpoint and the Flash Attention 2 version of the model using a sequence length of 2048.
```
